Add description for the downloader sample (#160)
Lonami/grammers: lib/grammers-client/examples/README.md

iterators which keep their own handle). It requires some boilerplate to setup, but it's a very
powerful approach.

## [downloader.rs]

> Downloads all media from a chat, querying transparently different datacenters the media may be located. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloads all media from a chat, including files located in datacenters different than your own 
```

> After loging in, the example iterates all messages of the supplied chat name, printing in the console 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After logging in, the example iterates all messages of the supplied chat name, printing in the console 
```

> the id and the text for each one; videos, images, stickers and contacts are saved in the ```target``` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ID and the text for each one; videos, images, stickers and contacts are saved in the `target` folder.
```

[ping.rs]: ping.rs
[echo.rs]: echo.rs
[dialogs.rs]: dialogs.rs
[downloader.rs]: downloader.rs

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
